Over Te's a Hi everyone important
That's a bit unusual price today in the questions asked
There was is that improvement point of time of the fledgling It is in that asked questions
so
Well when and when
Apart from the image
I would like to tell you a little bit about what I was thinking at the beginning of the finger
We adopt for feedback sheet in my school, but with spot mirror
Say
Researcher
The three points that are related to whether or not the session is effective
there is
Well, one of those things was that the client got close to me after the session was over
I think that the crown seller clambered cat and
You know counselor that I think it was enough speak you want to talk about the second related client funds
Seems the coach speak what you want to talk about is not not you think that is doing to speak opponent
And the third one
way of deployment of a how to proceed no session
What
In addition, including what kind of hard homework you will get out now
Thing is not to say the Fu that these three scales are high when the result comes out to say
so
If you do So I gave snuggled up I tried to think in various ways and for that matter
I wonder if you could think that you were close to me
Go with a smile that the Tteyuu notes to any wind in, for example, Hey smile Toka seriousness
Naa so I see with N office ah or to any wind in any or wind to go listen seriously
Ne
I wonder if us thought that the other party was me more snuggled I went to like?
Here is in what kind of wind I use the emotion in to any wind
Of the order to have thought me snuggled is seriously and have Once in like trying to Uketomeyo after I
It's about thinking about how to handle the relationship yourself
What I want to talk about is what the nature is and what is the starting point
fluent
That's good , but if there is enough to listen to it, is it all right ?
Sometimes the client does not tell me anything that I really want to talk about
I will
Care while spear of what I wanted to do really go by a little heard was disgusting Gatsui
It will be
About
Toka Toka be really nasty things that really wants what and how
Oh really at the time it was started talking about something not made me this is wanted to say
It is
So if I could tell him what I wanted to do
It's such that Rutte thinking this I wonder if I become a client look and their own
It is to check the relationship one by one
A sense of satisfaction in the process
Selfish say it will do get to have a sense of comfort in how to proceed Once you do but it is difficult
So
The principle principle is to hear the other person's first story firmly after all
The truth that really wanted Dale to continue to deep listening in going into that nasty
At any timing
For example, tell me a little more
There is something I want to try for a while
For example, it means that you will be involved in the work The timeline due to the position change
To verify the site
In went involving in there
A really whether Asso if such a thing is it sputum happening Asso of Tteyuu I was hoping this
How can we make it that process the process everyone gets on
And I think
A word of the bridge What if I just connect to the work from where I just listen to the other's story
Does the person have a sense of consent
Verification to think my own the way that say
It means that we will always do what we do
After all, it is not sold to the research to a certain extent and it is cut off + and so on
What
Guidelines that are adopted by many people If it goes like this , intake goes well
How do you technically practice that this is not important or not
Do you go
For it is that speak what you want to talk No. 2 what it is that you can for the best snuggled up to me
It's not just light weight but what you can do after that
In order to get people Toka become the No. 3 how to proceed is what much after all is in confidence
How well to make a talk and listen just how expressively rear
Want it to talk to I'll go do and let the Above all Uchotto action
I want to talk about things that I can talk to and that I try to hear what it means
I can talk to you and approach and from there
Well I want you to tell me a little more, but I want to try a little
That it's such that to proceed with the proposal that there is persuasive I'm there it
The
It ends try to actually meet with the image that says Do I think we can be like this
If you check from the beginning try this out yourself
In the end what happens after the session is over One is emotionally refreshing
It is
And the second thing is that you are aware of something as a hint to change your life and change
It means that the Western-style building has appeared
So what to do to get noticed
It is difficult if you have to learn sharp questions
Should I have to be able to create such a thing ?
In the end, I arrived at the point is to do thorough site verification
What is going on in the inside what was happening in the outside what was happening in the Kakoi Hachimei scene
I will explore it
Remember that once again, I will try to immerse in the scene
And emotional thinking at that time
Do not try to experience again one more time
Really through this kind of thing this was weird Really it was like this Really
I wanted this way
It means that you will think about what you can do while looking at it
In the end, I would like to do it, so how are we going there?
Do you think
Well, it means that we will calculate back from there
Have the other party hold a solid sense of trust in order to make a butt to make it cleaner
First of all, let's listen to the story and stay for a little more.
I would like to ask for a little while but there is something I would like to try for a while but I have one more
At that time I want you to remember the real I try to make a scene where there was here
Now recall the once little the scene
If you make an awareness while looking at the inside firmly with re-experience and taste here
It means
To
Professional that quest c along with the time to be with each other to support the opponent
If you take a position
I wonder if these three scales will eventually be fulfilled
It is that such a thing to say
I wonder if what can Once while earnestly consider the three of wear and good results
I think that you have been thinking of going out and you are making your own coaching
I think this is also an old time I thought, so by all means I think this is correct
Think full and make your own theory
that
Milton Erickson not not you also learn you by someone of the technique say make my own contribution
It is to say may leave
I will tell you about the information so I thought